feat(discover): Add a mention to the EA limit options (#4211)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/discover-queries/query-builder.mdx

- Total Period
- Previous Period
- Release Markers
- Top Period
- Total Daily
- Top Daily

### Limit Options

<Note>

Top Period and Top Daily with adjustable limits is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

> When the Display is either Top Period or Top Daily an optional limit can be set, which defaults to 5 showing the top 5 results in the graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the "Display" selection is either "Top Period" or "Top Daily", an optional limit can be set. The setting defaults to five, showing the top five results in the graph.
```
